README.md, before:

# Message Generating Website

## What does this program do

1. Running the program will display a random message that appears on the website
2. Each time the user refreshes the page, the website should show a new message
3. Hopefully give people some laughs :laughing:

## Why build this program?

1. This is a milestone project for me to see if I can create a full-stack project
2. Project should be expandable :chart_with_upwards_trend: :
   - Currently, the project will be simple, with some HTML, CSS, and JS.
   - Add user interactivity
   - Add a like button in the future :thumbsup:
   - Add a 'share quote' button that copies the quote to the clipboard :clipboard:
   - Add a 'share creator' button that links to my GitHub, LinkedIn, or Portfolio website
   - Maybe adding links to other GitHub projects in the footer of the page

## Things to do:

- [x] 1. Come up with an idea for the website. Including quotes
- [x] 2. Create a new repository on GitHub to start version control
- [ ] 3. Create basic framework for website
- [ ] 4. Work on back-end functionality to display a random message
- [ ] 5. Make website look appealing
- [ ] 6. Create share button
- [ ] 7. Create links to socials
- [ ] 8. Add a like button _(Still have to learn about databases and setting up servers)_
- [ ] 9. Add links to other GitHub Projects _(Continue to come back to this one)_

Commit message:

Created quote.js and screen.js, updated main to take screen script, updated README accordingly. Bug: Joke shows before click

README.md, after:

# Message Generating Website

## What does this program do

1. Running the program will display a random message that appears on the website
2. Each time the user clicks the joke button, the website should show a new message
3. Website must be refreshed to get new joke
4. Hopefully give people some laughs :laughing:

## Why build this program?

1. This is a milestone project for me to see if I can create a full-stack project
2. Project should be expandable :chart_with_upwards_trend: :
   - Currently, the project will be simple, with some HTML, CSS, and JS.
   - Add user interactivity
   - Add a like button in the future :thumbsup:
   - Add a 'share quote' button that copies the quote to the clipboard :clipboard:
   - Add a 'share creator' button that links to my GitHub, LinkedIn, or Portfolio website
   - Maybe adding links to other GitHub projects in the footer of the page

## Things to do:

- [x] 1. Come up with an idea for the website. Including quotes
- [x] 2. Create a new repository on GitHub to start version control
- [x] 3. Create basic framework for website
- [x] 4. Work on back-end functionality to display a random message
- [x] 5. Make website look appealing
- [ ] 6. Create share button
- [x] 7. Create links to socials
- [ ] 8. Add a like button _(Still have to learn about databases and setting up servers)_
- [ ] 9. Add links to other GitHub Projects _(Continue to come back to this one)_
